>> Maximiliano Firtman: Some improvements
that appear to this promise pattern later.
For example, one of the great advantages
of promises that I didn't mention yet,
there are a couple of advantages.
One is that we can have,
compared with call backs for
example, we can have a common vocabulary.
I don't need documentation.
Let me explain what I'm saying.
So for example, I'm not sure if you
even remember jQuery those times.
But for example, to make a fetch,
there were many ways to do that,
but one was to do a .get or .ajax or
just think about that there
is something like this,
where you pass a URL and then a callback.
Okay, so I create a function that will
receive the data something that I think
about this okay?
But then you have no JS, for example,
no JS without promises like reading
a file It's something like this,
you read the file, okay, and
then you pass the name of the file.
By the way, if let's say that in jQuery,
if there is an error,
you receive a second callback
with the error, okay?
So you have two callbacks
as two different arguments.
Make sense?
Callbacks from 4K, callback forever on no
.JS you wanna read the file, and then,
I'm not sure if you remember how that
works, you don't receive two callbacks.
It's just one callback, where you receive
the error or the reference to the file.
I mean, maybe it's not the 100%
the right callback code was just to give
you an idea.
So the problem with callbacks is that
there is no unique design pattern.
Every API designer can
pick its own solution.
And in this case, you see it's different.
How can I know when I'm calling an a sync
API how to, for example, catch errors.
Well, you need to read the documentation.
With promises, you have only one way.
If it's a promise, you know how,
it's a dot catch or the try catch,
if you're using a sync await, okay?
That's okay, so that's the only way.
So that's one great advantages
of promises over call backs.
And the other great advantage is how
to work with several promises at
the same time.
Let's say, I need to go and grab from
the network three different JSON files,
and I wanna do something
when I have all the three.
With callbacks, it's a mess because,
of course you can request three,
fetches or whatever, three files,
but you're receiving
the responses in any order because
you wanna do this in parallel, okay?
So I just make three HTTP requests and
let's wait for them.
How can I know when all
the three are done?
Every time I'm receiving one response,
I need to check what happens
with the other two manually.
And if the other two are okay,
okay, I'm the last one.
So let's do the job.
With promises, the great
advantage is that we have ways and
the API has ways to actually wait for
all the promises at the same time.
So, and there are many ways that you
have in the promise pattern to do that.
And now we have from ES6 more ways.
For example,
we have the promise all settle,
where I can pass an array of promises
>> Maximiliano Firtman: That in this case,
these are two promises that are just
rejecting and resolving immediately, but
it can be different fetch APIs where
you're fetching from the network,
something like that.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So you can wait
for all the promises to fulfill or
now there isn't all settle, all settle
will say when all the promises ended.
Rejected or settled?
I don't know.
So all of them have finished.
When all of them have finished,
that's give me another promise.
And of course, I can use a sync await.
Does it make sense?
Any will give you the first one.
You use that with a design
pattern known as a race.
So I have a race between
two different patterns or
two different ways to access the data.
A very simple to understand use
case It's data that you have
cached locally in the database and
also in the network.
So I start to raise.
Let's grab the data from the cache or
from a local file and from the network.
Wherever it comes first is
the one I'm going to use.
So for that, you create two promises,
and then, so here I can create
an array of true promises,
like get from database and also fetch.
And the first one is the one that
will win and will give me the value.
That's promise.any,
you pass an array of promises, of course,
the rest will be discarded.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Does
it make sense?
So working with multiple promises
it's a nice way also, that give us
an idea that it's a good idea to move all
your synchronous code to promises as well.
So, if you have for example,
an array of countries, okay?
So you have an array of countries, and
you create the array of
countries like this, right?
And you hard code your countries,
and it's fine.
Of course, we'll start with Argentina,
not because it's my country,
it's with A, right?
Then a Brazil, one per,
I don't know, Canada and so on.
So you hardcode the array of countries.
Well, it's a better pattern,
there is a design pattern
known as promisify that's
the promisify data.
So and that design pattern promisify data.
Well tell you this,
instead of doing this, create a function,
get countries,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And you say okay,
so I create a function, and
then I return the array, no,
don't do that,
because that's kind of the same thing.
Always return a promise.
So I can return a promise that
right now fulfill with this.
Or if you wanna see the previous code
that we did, I returned a new promise.
That resolve rechecked and
we're just going to resolve with this.
So in this case,
the array is a synchronous array.
I'm not going to a database or
a network, but I can still promisify It.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: What's
the advantage of doing that?
I'm ready for the future, so
if you promisify all your data later,
if you want to change to a database and
then your countries will be in a database,
it's easy to change that.
You don't need to change
the consumers of the data.
Everything will be a sync await.
Even if it's a synchronous operation,
there is no real performance penalty,
or the performance penalty is really,
really small to think about it.